oh okay hang on I'm gonna have to put me
down though I got you on speaker back to
our speakerphone here oh that thing spin
like a top okay I go oh that's a nice
fish
I'm taking video to as we talk I am with
my camera oh this is a nice fish God a
are you keeping in order no not really
today I just catch and release have fun
and that type of thing oh there he goes
get the amp amp amp no i don't i can't
work I can't work with gloves really no
I you in the braided line oh yeah oh
damn they have Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam be uh
can you hear me yeah okay he made 41
runs already yep
come online you need for the whaler I
like to see 60 this a nice fish big fish
he's gonna go again I can't turn his
head damn three goals 3 goals there he
goes I wish you were here give me a
hand haha here he comes he's coming up
hit first this time oh he hit the ice
damn it come on come on come on way back
up back up head ok here on I got him I
got him I got him nice oh yeah hey tell
you what he's about six pounds six seven
pounds yeah something like that I mean
you're on no I can't yeah you hang up
I'll take a picture i'll send it to you
all right this is for the video part of
it Andrew see what you miss and man
that's a nice fish yeah I got my little
camera going here and yeah and just take
a little video clips with it